Yeah, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Harmontown.
I am Brandon Johnson, sitting in for Jeff Davis.
We love you, Jeff Davis.
Make some noise for Jeff.
God knows where he is.
Let's get right to it.
There's so much show.
You know him.
You love him.
Game Master extraordinaire, Spencer Crittenden.
Dungeon Master of Disaster.
You know how we get down, ladies and gentlemen,
welcome the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harbour.
Mr. Dan Harbour!
Yeah!
Been drinking since 10 AM.
Been drinking since the day began.
Been getting all kinds of drunk for reasons I can't share.
Damn, I remember the time you used to share your personal secrets.
Now you can't anymore because you're rich and famous.
Cool.
Damn.
Yeah.
I remember the time.
Do you?
Transparency.
No, I actually don't remember the time.
I remember the time it just trails off.
I remember the time.
No, I don't.
Damn.
Brandon Johnson, everybody.
Look, it's a little late in the podcast to, like, stir up beef,
but honestly, my favorite Comptroller.
Oh, shit.
No!
No.
You're booing the idea of pettiness.
You're not booing him and you're not booing Jeff.
You're booing the idea of me pitting them against each other.
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah.
Exactly.
I'm, like, the Joker.
I'm, like, splitting the pool queue in half.
I'm, like...
I have never said this before, but would somebody please help me?
Please!
Help get me off this day.
Someone!
My family, call my family.
I have been drinking all day.
Congratulations.
Why?
Why, Dan Harmon?
Veteran's Day.
Whoa.
That's patriotism.
I truly...
Did you guys see my Instagram post about Veteran's Day?
I fucking knocked it out of the park.
You're welcome.
You're welcome, men and women and gender-fluid soldiers.
I just fucking nailed it.
I signaled so much virtue.
You couldn't fucking, like...
It was beyond reproach.
I was, like, dude, no matter what you are, whatever, Veterans, what, booby-dee-boo-ba-dee.
I fucking...
I just, like, man, the world's gonna suck my dick when I click Submit.
I did it.
Boom, dude.
I got Ghost of Marines coming at me.
Like, Simper Fi, blah, blah, blah.
Like, I fucking did it.
I fucking signaled that virtue.
And then, undid it.
I was...
I'm not a fucking warp.
I, like, hate myself today.
I honestly can't tell you guys why I'm so fucking upset.
But my hope is that I can just be honest with you guys that I'm so fucking, like...
I've been...
There are outside circumstances that have me in a real fucking tailspin.
And the thing that I want to be honest about is, because I've been taking note of it,
is how fucking rude and mean I am only, exclusively, only to the people that are closest to me.
The people that I can trust.
That stupid expression, you only hurt the ones you love.
Like, I have been so fucking mean to Cody the last couple of weeks because I am going through something
with people that deserve so much fucking abuse and who are getting nothing.
If you want to be treated well by me, here's an insider tip.
Be a bag of dicks to me.
Proclaim yourself as my enemy.
You will be a fucking red carpet ambassador.
Like, you'll never hear a fucking peep from me because I'll be so busy strategizing and all this.
But if you want to get a fucking verbally abused by me, love me.
Just love me.
Just be into me.
Be on my side.
Be in my corner.
That's where you'll get fucking knocked out.
It really is fucking weird.
Who lets you know is the thing that a good friend Jerry Minor said when I said I lost my mind one night.
He said, who was crying or who was angry?
And I said neither.
And he goes, then you didn't lose your mind.
So who told you that you had fucked up?
Did you discover it yourself?
Me.
Okay, good.
Well, I mean, but it's like...
At least you didn't get it secondhand.
That would have sucked.
Well, a secondhand does Cody count a secondhand?
Like, if I'm like being mean to her and then she's like, why are you being mean to me?
Is that, that's her the source?
Like, I'm like...
I think that counts, yeah.
Because I don't want to make it...
I don't want to sugarcoat and be like, oh yeah, and then I realized what a bag of fucking shit I am.
No, it's like...
But you did eventually.
Yeah, but like...
Yeah, I'm just a terrible person.
No, you know, terrible people don't question it.
That's the difference.
Fuck you, Brandon.
Again, will somebody help me?
I will tell you when I was a kid, my mother would say to me,
I don't know why you talk shit to me, but you don't talk shit to that dude who stole your book back, you little bitch.
And it does shake you back.
I love that your mom said that.
She had a lot of gyms.
Your mom had the presence of mind to know you were taking aggression out on her
that was based on someone stealing your book back?
She felt like it really didn't matter what the reason was.
It was her fucking house.
I don't know why you're upset with me, but I can tell you this.
I saw your bitch ass run home today.
So whatever's going on, you don't need to talk to me like that,
because I'm sure you can't back it up.
I used to wipe your ass, bitch.
Allow for that to happen in your relationship.
Did your mom ever give you this one where you're like,
did you ever come home like sniffling and crying because you got bullied?
And did your mom go like, well, if they're that mean, then you don't want them as your friend?
You fucking bitch.
It's so true. It's so perfectly right.
But it's not the message you're willing to receive at that time.
No, she was hardcore.
They were so mean to me.
Well, then they're not good people and you don't want to hang out with them.
Yeah, well, that doesn't mean being in their treehouse wouldn't be rad.
Right.
It's called fucking society, bitch.
Yeah, your advice doesn't raise my self esteem, mom.
It's the Schrab's next t-shirt.
Where's the fucking Schrab?
You lost him on the way here.
His biggest dream.
Oh, the episode where Schrab's gone, everyone misses Schrab.
I miss him too.
Who's going to find the good chair and move it into place?
I sat down, there's no guest per se.
I think I heard a possible guest respond to that.
But I sat down here because there's a camera situation where the worst, I don't know,
like me standing up there is not good for camera purposes.
The camera's stuck.
Whereas this is amazing.
Me sitting here is amazing.
But let's, let's, let's, let's bring on our friend, Nick Rutherford.
Nick.
Yes, Nick Rutherford, ladies and gentlemen, you know from such shows as the Nick Rutherford
show written and produced by Nick Rutherford.
Sorry, Nick Rutherford.
What?
Yes.
Ladies and gentlemen, his entrance tonight is brought to you by lime, lime scooters.
You're going to, you're going to bust your mouth open lime scooters.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Man.
Subtle.
That was good.
I saw that.
I saw the headlight on that thing coming down the thing and I was like, we're all going
to die.
Oh, for the folks at home, Nick wrote a scooter up on stage.
And then I had to turn it off so he didn't keep getting billed for the show.
Yeah, he locked it.
Very expensive.
So you knew you've, you're, you're facile enough with these things that you knew it would
make a punchline sound when you deactivated it.
I love limes, man.
They're the best.
People who rail against limes are awful.
Yeah, man.
That's what I'm saying.
I think they're a little too curmudgeon-y.
Like, yeah.
The people or the limes?
The people.
I think limes are too curmudgeon-y.
Also, it's only people who live in Santa Monica and fuck that place, right?
Yeah.
I just, anything like any critique people have of these scooters is the same about bikes,
but no one said them about bikes because bikes are old and adults use them.
Okay, boomer.
Oh shit.
Oh my god.
Okay, boomer.
I can do it too, boomer.
Oh shit.
I also know how to use the phrase of the day, boomer.
Okay.
I saw this phrase is exploded like a fucking wad of shitty cum everywhere.
Oh, okay, boomer.
Oh, you fucking got your ass nailed your ass to the fucking wall.
I saw, wait, what is that?
What is that?
I'll celebrate.
I'll celebrate when I say it, boomer.
You know, demographically, Brandon, you're my age.
I'm sorry to out you, but like, we're generation X.
You and I.
That's right, yeah.
We're the little one.
Did you know demographically what that means is that we have no voice?
We don't, but all the shit's made for us right now.
What?
No, you're thinking it's 1995.
No, no, it's true.
It's all made for us.
What do you mean?
We're in that sweet spot where it's like people market to music and shit.
The morning show.
No, I don't know.
Disney Plus is made for you guys.
That's true.
What is made for us?
There's nothing made for us.
There's like, what's like probiotics?
Okay.
All right.
Oh yeah.
Activity is huge.
My point was going to be, I mean, I would love to think what you're saying is true, but
my point is that like demographically when you examine it, the baby boomers.
Okay, boomer.
Those are my parents, Brandon's parents.
Okay.
That was a generation.
They're called baby boomers.
Let me walk you through this because it's Veterans Day.
My grandpappies came back from Guadalcanal and did so much fucking that they created
the Beatles with their dicks.
They're just like, holy fuck.
I'm so fucking horny.
I've just been like bayonetting the enemy forever.
I can't wait to fuck.
And so there was this baby boom.
And that's our fucking obnoxious Trump generation is the fucking these boomers.
They're like, I want a trivial pursuit.
Hey, Nick, how are you?
I'm great, man.
I've been Lyman.
I'm sorry.
I'm a bad interviewer and bad host.
You said you don't have a guest per se.
Yeah.
Well, I didn't want to.
Per se.
So like, did you forget or you don't consider me a guest?
I'm like, you're my friend.
Don't tell him that.
I don't have any friends.
I don't know what I'm doing.
Don't let me fucking do that to you.
I'm your friend, Dan.
Anyways, the baby boomers had a couple of kids, like three of them total.
Me, Kurt Cobain, and Brandon.
Paul F. Tompkins, David Cross, Janeane Garofalo.
Okay.
Yeah.
That's us.
We didn't have any kids because we're fucking awesome.
We were like...
Trying to save that planet.
Yeah.
Trying to impact that waste.
And we were like, Disney, think so.
Coca-Cola?
Uh-uh.
Anything corporate?
You think you're into the Bernie or whatever, like, fuck you.
We were like socialists before we knew it was called socialism.
We were like, fucking, fuck you, dude.
Hands in the pockets, Alanis Morissette.
Fuck it.
Give me a fucking peace sign, and I'm playing the piano over here.
They don't know about Nader.
Oh, I thought you said something else.
Oh, no.
I was like, hard R on the Nader, man.
Yeah, no.
They don't know about Nader.
No, Nader.
Did I vote?
No.
My first vote was 1992, I was 18 years old, voted for a guy named Ross Perot.
My parents voted for Ross Perot.
Felicia Day in her book talks about that was her first vote.
It was like, anyways, but here's the thing.
Generation X.
Sandwich, real little sliver.
If you were to represent, demographically, population-wise, we're just outnumbered.
We have 1,000 parents and 1,000 cousins that are younger than us.
I don't know how that worked, but even though we didn't have kids, we now,
if you're Generation X, you're just a fucking piece of shit sandwiched between,
fuck everybody, man.
Yeah.
But we were nailing it.
By doing what?
Nothing.
Yeah.
What are you talking about?
We gave him hip hop.
Hip hop.
We had hip hop.
Yeah, we did hip hop.
You guys came up with hip hop?
Brandon and Dan, you came up with hip hop.
Cable.
Your motherfuckers was getting free TV.
Our generation came and said, pay for these reruns.
Cable.
We were Generation X.
Yeah, there were three channels when we were born.
And then when we were 20, we were like, there should be 300.
Yeah.
We did that.
We added value to everything.
Yeah.
We were like, you using one home phone?
Fuck that.
Get a cell phone.
More billing.
Yup.
And what'd y'all do?
Y'all came in with the fucking YouTubes.
And you fucked it up.
Y'all like, like, subscribe.
Fuck y'all.
Let's give them one taste of the hip hop we invented.
Can I have a beat?
Yo.
Yeah.
Puffy jackets.
My name is Puffy Jacket.
I can't hack it.
When it's warm outside.
Yeah.
I like to let it ride.
My name is Puffy Jacket.
Sleeves.
Infinite.
Feeling.
Down to the wrist.
Fuck you mama so hard I made her fucking list.
Fingertips going inside her pussy.
Yeah.
I woke up on Monday morning.
Went down to the car.
Yeah.
Okay.
No.
You made a list.
This weekend you made a mom's list.
Is that true?
Yeah.
Oh yeah?
You fucked her so hard?
Yeah.
You hit her with that dick and balls kung fu?
Yes.
A little more hype than I'm worth.
Yep.
It's all hype right now.
It's the hype man.
What baby?
I'm just, I don't deserve that much hype.
Well you're starting to talk me into it.
Come get some of this hype.
Enjoy all of this hype.
I want to be a better rapper for you.
You make me want to be a better rapper.
That's what a hype man do.
I want to take you to the break of time.
I want to make love to you all day long.
I'm just a hype man, bro.
I know you've been drinking since 10, but let me get it in.
You see, a hype man is the dude that has your back.
Now the dude who you run up to and then make his booty crack.
Are you sure you can't expand on this?
A little bit?
Pretty sure.
That's not a relationship, boy.
When you say pretty sure.
How sure am I?
Yeah.
Wow.
That relationship is worth unpacking.
We got a real crack crew.
Like the lighting effects happen.
The fucking beat was sweet.
There's a lot of, you know, by the way, Nick, thanks for coming.
Tonight's guest is Nick Rutherford.
He was in The Waitest Kids, you know.
What was it?
A good neighbor, which yeah, wasn't as successful as the last kids.
Anything after Kids in the Hall, I don't even know it.
All right.
Well, you could just do a quick Google before you bring your not quite real guest on stage.
No, that's something we do for guests.
Friends.
You're a friend.
We abuse you.
I know that's what the per se means.
Dan doesn't Google Dream Corp LLC.
Yeah, Dream Corp LLC.
I saw some bus bench ads for that.
Pretty good.
Yeah.
Don't swim really tried to promote Dream Corp LLC by having really cool ads that didn't
say what Dream Corp LLC was right.
It was like that's great.
I've been having sleeping problems lately.
Maybe I should go to these guys.
Yeah.
It's like no.
It's a TV show.
It was like they did really subversive.
Like it was like a picture of John Grice who plays Dr. Roberts and it said like, oh, we
will analize your dreams and it's a fun anal pun.
That's fun.
Yeah.
But then everybody was like, look at that dumb billboard.
They didn't, they spaced their text wrong and then nobody watched the show.
When I was doing community, which I never bring up, there was, I wanted to, I was like
so excited about the website.
I was like, I want to do the Greendale College, Greendale?
Yeah.
Greendale.
I'm like, I said, Glendale or Greendale?
No, Greendale.
I want to do like the Greendale College's like a website and I want it to be like, it's
got to be legit, it's got to be like the Dunder Mifflin like a website, but like beyond that,
like you get, it's got to be this fully immersive thing.
We're going to have hundreds and hundreds of like student registries and your other
thing.
And then it was like NBC digital was like, yeah, but we did research and we did that Dunder
Mifflin page and like people were upset because they, what we found in our testing is that
they're, they wanted to know whether it was a real website or not.
And so what we found is if we put like a Toyota ad, people, it made people more comfortable.
Anyways, just, I mean, it sounds like I'm complaining, but I'm not, I'm just laughing.
We did the, I'm sorry, I've been drinking since 10 a.m.
Wait, so you never got a community college?
We never really, it was like, well, there was like a, there was a website, but it was
like sony.com slash community slash NBC dot hashtag slash this is a TV show slash we promise
this isn't really happening slash.org slash TV dot biz slash like oh, just for funsies
let's pretend this is a community college dot just for fun dot just kidding.
And it was like, it was nothing, it was like, let's go through the motions and hated it.
And then we would do like Twitter, I was like, let's do a Twitter episode where we have
the characters talking to each other and they're like, that's great.
Just make sure that every character after everything they tweet, they hashtag NBC underscore
community, watch it at eight, why would, why would any Edison be saying that anyways?
Those guys all got mad at me one time on Twitter or something.
They were all like adding me.
The cast of community.
Yeah.
The characters from.
They're like obvets, obvets, tweets or whatever.
That would probably be me.
It was.
It was someone.
It was just someone.
Before we met.
I was yelling at you.
No, this was on Twitter.
It was after it was way, it was way later than those accounts were like active.
Like they went rogue or something.
Like the people are like RPing them and they just like, you know, lost reality or something.
For a while.
Those were all me.
They had to be because you couldn't, you couldn't make writers do that.
Who's doing it now?
The guy who hates you.
Yeah.
I said, we did the vulture, vulture, uh, we did the community reunion panel.
Was anyone at that?
Uh, yeah, it was, it was basically everyone pretty much at the risk of offending anyone
that I'm forgetting.
No, it was basically everyone minus Donald and Chevy on the panel and, um, and then we
went to this dinner in the basement of this steak place that Joel loves and in the middle
of the dinner, fucking Donald Glover walks in.
It was so fantastic to see him with his fucking crazy beard and is like, like, like, uh, god
damn it.
I'm jealous of that guy.
Did he know about the dinner or does he work at that steak place?
I think he was like, he's trying to make ends meet.
He, I think he was literally come, got off.
I think he was trying to make the panel and only made it like just to the dinner.
Um, but it was just, it was just good to talk to him again.
Did he, were you guys having a dinner and he just happened to be in the same place at
the same time?
Or did he know you guys were going to be there?
No, he, no, I mean, that's what I'm saying.
Like, I think he was, I think he was literally coming from Atlanta, figuratively and literally
like, like, like, or literally and literally, um, uh, and, and he just, the flight didn't
work out, but he just made it to the dinner.
Did Chevy show up at all?
At the dinner?
Yeah.
No, he didn't make it.
Well, you should give his phone number out.
Yeah.
I think they would like his phone number, right?
I bet they'd love it.
You should get hired like after people go through rehab, you should be like the tester.
We should get one more drink, right?
We should just get, do more, one more line, right?
In informal poll, does anyone answer their phone anymore?
Someone said yes.
Who said yes?
A liar.
Me.
Fred answer phone.
Someone said yes, right?
Yeah.
Boomer.
No.
Oh, no.
Like, I like who?
Why would you ever answer your phone anymore?
I don't think we even need the actual phone call function anymore.
Yeah, I mean, I don't, if someone's calling me, even if it says mom, I'm like, yeah, right.
Nice try.
Well, you don't think it's your mom, or?
I just assume it's...
My own contacts.
Yeah, exactly.
I'm like, good one, AT&T.
Nick, what'd you do last night?
Oh, we went to the Rick and Morty premiere last night.
Yeah.
Oh, shit.
It's back.
Wobble of a dub dub.
Did you just like that episode?
Who said no?
Nobody.
Okay, good.
It was very fun, Brandon.
Did you like it?
Yeah.
Did I like the episode?
Did you like, how'd you feel?
Was this your second one?
First one?
This is my first premiere.
I don't care for the show itself, but I do like...
Just hanging out with friends.
Yeah.
It's great.
There was food.
Yeah.
Brandon was in the writer's room for a while.
It's great.
The time on that show moves so slowly that the episode that you inspired, which we will
call the Vat of Acid episode, you got to see the fucking finished product on that.
It's an amazing episode.
I can't wait to see it.
Yeah, it's going to be live action.
It's a good room.
Can you imagine?
You guys know.
It's fucking hilarious in there.
It's a fun room.
We have good times.
Rob's in there.
Rob is in there.
Sometimes there's a dog in there.
There's two dogs in there constantly.
Let's talk about them.
Well, one's a little angel.
That's Tilda.
There's a dog named Tilda.
Just think of a cute dog.
That's kind of what it is.
It's about the size of this microphone.
I think that I'm having a lot of trouble.
I think one thing...
Because last night I was blackout drunk and I went wandering around.
I have video of you and I holding hands prancing downtown.
I guess you were just wrangling me or something.
No, I don't know.
We were just wandering.
You were screaming at me in the photo booth and then there's a picture of it.
I screamed at you?
It was friendly.
It was great.
But it was right as the first picture got taken.
So you're sort of like, and I'm like, I was really blackout drunk.
And I think part of maybe like, I don't know, I don't want to be like a drama queen, but
I also want to be honest and try to figure out what the fuck is wrong with me.
What am I going through?
Why am I in this weird state?
We had our producer friend, Mike, who passed away and his wife was there at the premiere.
I think maybe that like set me off.
I don't know.
That just seems like something that a fucking horrible drunk uses an excuse like I but you
know, Jewel, like as I've said here before, she was the casting director on the first
thing that Rob Schrab and I ever did for TV three decades ago or something.
And it was just pure coincidence that her husband was the line producer in Rick and
Morty.
And then I hadn't seen her since the funeral and she was there at the premiere and I just
like I can't I just I feel I texted her today like, like, can you have a drink with me?
And she's like, no, I'm at work.
And I'm like, I don't I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I keep I keep doing it wrong with
this.
Like, I was like, like, she was robbed of her husband, and I just have this shame, like
I'm just filled with shame about it, because I feel like we take people from their private
lives and we use them in TV and then that's like, it was for nothing.
And as Justin said to me recently, it was like, do you think that if Mike knew that
it was going to end that way that he would have shown up for a day of this shit?
The answer is obviously, no, not at all, of course not.
Like what the fuck?
But I don't even know.
And then to see her there was like, what the fuck are we doing?
I don't know.
It's super hard, man, and it's really hard to make sense of it.
But I don't know if it's like, is this me grieving?
Mm hmm.
Yep.
You sound so sure of it.
I don't.
Well, I mean, you know, I've grieved.
If that's what it is.
Grieved.
You've grieved.
I've grieved.
A piece of shit.
I love you.
And that's how that's that's the way it works.
It sucks.
Who have you lost them?
I'm an orphan, you know.
Oh, you lost both your parents.
Yeah, you brought them up earlier in the show.
You mean when I wrapped it that I fucked your mama?
That's cold.
Did you fuck?
Brandon, no, I'm a very special Brandon, your mama, god damn, I fucked it.
All right, it doesn't, it doesn't, sorry, sorry, I'm sorry, but it's not funny, but
it is super.
It is super hard to see you have a survivor's guilt, the part of it, and then it's super
hard to see the passage of time when you lose somebody.
You see that other people that loved them out of function like that, and you naturally
look for Mike in that room.
There's survivor's guilt and then there's murderer's guilt.
Well you shouldn't have murdered him.
Yeah.
I feel like I took him away from his family.
He remember that he went on a trip right before and he had spent time glad he got to
spend time.
Yeah, I know.
No, he was a great family man, great husband, great father.
Yeah.
He took as much of that away as I could, and for nothing, for nothing.
Some people may say that the fact that he was great at his job made him a better family
man.
Yeah.
Yeah, no.
You may have provided like a full universe for a person to express themselves fully.
If you looked at that room last night, that's what you saw, is that there's a room full
of people who are standing around all agreeing, and that's what you've created.
So the fact that Mike was a part of that, a massive part of that, is amazing, and it
super sucks that he's gone.
Yeah.
I'm sorry, but I don't mean to like fucking draw it out and all that stuff, but I want
to get to the bottom of it.
That's the profane thing to me is the idea of like, it's this old Hollywood thing of
like, yeah, what we do is so important that it's worth human life, and it's not like,
I mean, that's...
Well, nothing's worth that.
But if you have to be stuck on this motherfucker, you might as well make a show like that.
Yeah.
I mean, he chose the job, right?
He probably could have quit.
No.
That's why this is so complicated.
No, but like...
Yeah, actually, we didn't tell, you know, that's, there was this controversial program.
We...
Yeah.
We actually selected him for birth.
Nick, how are you?
What's it like growing up in New Jersey?
Don't say that, and then I...
I love growing up in New Jersey.
Yeah, what was that like?
I like it better than the old one.
I didn't grow up in New Jersey.
Okay.
I grew up on the Coney Island Pier, which is not New Jersey, I don't think.
You ever go out?
Yeah.
You grew up in New Jersey, you went on the Coney Island Pier.
I was a carnival barker on the Coney Island Pier.
Where were you born, Nick Rutherford?
I was born in Tarzana, California.
Are you shitting?
Oh, damn.
Fuck yeah.
You're born in California, you're so funny.
Damn.
You got a living man?
Yeah, I'm born in Southern...
What?
I don't...
I'm so confused.
What?
I...
Yeah.
I feel like everyone here is from somewhere else, and then there's a bunch of people
that are just like, yeah, I was born here, like, I'm a con artist.
Yeah.
Well, maybe I'm just a funny con artist.
I do feel like a con artist a lot of the time, you know.
You're a lovely man.
Thanks, Dan.
I don't know you that well, but you've been very kind to me, you're very nice.
Well, we've been hanging out, it's very fun to hang out with you.
I trust you.
We're into wings now.
The show.
Yeah.
Well, we just felt like it was a bold choice to set a sitcom at an airport.
Yeah, we got Drizzle Wings at BJs.
I can't believe there's a restaurant called BJs.
I worked at BJs.
Yeah.
He's thinking about his mom again.
Does anybody...
Hood it.
BJ.
Fuck no.
Yeah.
I worked at Brandon's restaurant, but yeah, we had Drizzle Wings, and is this good content?
I mean, what kind of wings?
Let's talk about are they those the root beer wings that they got over there at BJs?
What?
I think they have root beer wings at BJs now.
No, we didn't have those.
Oh, well, what were they drizzled with?
Root beer.
Oh, yeah, they do have those.
Well, you see.
Well, that's just because you got me self-conscious now.
Let's make sure...
Let's bring out a celebrity guest here, Rufy McFamous.
Hey, everybody.
It's me.
Rufy.
What's up?
Hey.
Rufy, I understand you have a book or a movie coming out, yeah?
What's that about?
Just living life on the East Coast, hanging out.
Is that kind of self-autobiographical?
Yeah.
Okay.
Do you want me to go?
No.
Wait, what?
Wait, are you...
I know I'm not a guest, so you just made up a guest with a guitar pedal.
Don't...
Rufy McCelebrity.
You're ruining the...
Don't tell people it's a guitar pedal.
It doesn't even...
It's not even a modulated voice.
It's like two voices on top of each other.
I can't even hear it.
I don't even know.
It's just...
You just see Rufy that clearly.
You guys, come on.
I'm famous.
I don't think that pedal is doing anything, honestly.
Well, here's the thing.
Here we are.
Okay.
It's me now more famous than ever.
Oh, hey.
I remember working with Meryl Streep on a car.
Oh, what?
On a car?
Oh, you guys rebuilt the car.
I built a car with Meryl Streep.
I had four wheels.
Oh, good.
Fuck.
This isn't easy.
Being a guest on this show.
No, you don't say.
Anyways.
Yeah.
Famous.
And I built a car.
And I wrote a book about it.
You got into a lot of trouble recently.
Yeah.
I got kind of rumbled on Twitter.
Black Twitter.
Right.
The funny one.
People don't tell you that's a whole different Twitter.
I love that that's what you think we call it.
I knew you'd say that.
That's what I got in trouble for.
I said, I bet it's not called Black Twitter by black people on Twitter.
And then Black Twitter got all upset.
And I was like, whatever, snowflakes.
Cocks.
Cocks?
Did I trigger you?
Snowflake.
Rufi, you're very right wing.
Well, no, that's not true.
And I don't mean to be a contrarian.
But I'm more of a centrist.
I like things the way they were when America was great.
It just seems like a lot of, like,
What?
A lot of what?
With that terminal, like, yeah.
Are you Jewish?
I don't even, I don't have to answer that.
Because a lot of Jewish people think I'm right wing.
But I'm not.
That's just something Jews said.
I find.
Well, I'm not.
I'm not Jewish.
Well, you talk like a Jew.
Well, no, I don't.
Okay.
Well, I'm not.
What does a Jew talk like?
I'm, well, I don't know because I'm centrist.
Okay.
I'm politically neutral.
All right.
You got me.
I'm Jewish.
Fine.
You fucking Jew.
I love it.
I love you.
You're going to get fucked on Jewish Twitter soon, man.
Dude.
Don't get me started.
Player.
All right.
Rufi, everybody.
Okay.
This is Rufi's publicist.
Oh, fuck.
It's too late and administrator.
I am the administrator of black Twitter.
And we're taking Rufi away now.
What would you say?
He just said it to a classic character for the past.
Yeah at two and nine.
This is a two and nine.
You got excited.
You were like, I get it.
I don't believe at two and nine is Rufi McSlover.
It's me at two and nine.
If anybody wants to yell out a character name at any point, please.
You know what's exciting was at new Meyer.
Like did we did we talk about it when he was on the show?
Like his his one of his kids is like a non binary activist like trans and
autistic like act like you you name it they're an activist for it.
And he wrote Robocop and since he was on the show like their kid who's
like this crazy like not crazy.
That's a bad word.
Crazy.
I meant extreme like like like like like super activist like into
trans rights and stuff like they've heard my ed 209 bit that I did years
ago where I was ed 209 and I was like but it was like ed 209 was gender
fluid and they heard it and they liked it.
And they would have a lot of reason not to like it.
I think I'm pretty fucking woke.
This is an amazing part of the show.
I do fucking edgy shit.
That's like funny to everybody and I never offend anyone.
Okay, boomer.
Oh, we did it.
I did it was at 209 wasn't there the robot that was addicted to nuke.
Right.
That was that was the Frank Miller written sequel Robocop to you don't
like it as much.
Well, I mean you can't like it if you're a Robocop fan.
I mean it's in a vacuum is pretty good movie.
Actually, I would think maybe the little drug dealer kid.
Yeah, the kid had never talked about that.
He cursed.
I can't believe we had a new mayor on the show.
Well, now you have Nick Rutherford on the show.
So what is it?
What's it? What was it like being in a human giant?
That's great.
Is a Z's as funny as even funnier in person.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah.
When you come up with your comedy.
What are you smoking?
Yeah, because some of these ideas man they're out there.
What do you smoke it when you come up with some of this stuff?
Yeah, just high on life and not Jesus, but the Jewish one.
I guess not Jesus.
Excuse me, Nick.
It's me.
Black Twitter.
Oh, what's up?
What's on my Twitter?
You need to.
Don't even.
Don't come.
You need to come with me.
Oh, no.
Where are we going?
Come with me.
Okay.
At the same time.
It's like an X-rated Harvey Corman.
Are we walking or are you sucking me?
Who says sucking me?
What in the bot?
What in the computer generated porn talk?
Yes.
Keep sucking me.
It flow.
I like it.
I feel like if you, everybody out there gets sucked tonight,
maybe try saying that.
Man, maybe try being specific.
I was sucking you.
I believe now.
Oh, hey, throwing down a smoke pellet.
Shit.
Where's the door?
God damn smoke pellets.
I can't fucking shit.
Fucking door won't open.
Black Twitter here.
I got it.
Oh, thank you.
Anyways.
Black Twitter.
Nice to meet you.
Yeah.
Pleasure.
Bye.
Uber.
You've never called an Uber before.
I've heard about it in popular culture.
I assume that's how it works.
Uber.
Coming right up.
Hello.
Get in.
Yes.
Are you a random person?
So it works like a cab?
Yes.
Wait.
Why am I asking you?
I don't know.
It works like a cab?
Yes.
All right.
Get in.
Let me say on your settings that you prefer quiet and cool.
But I have a band and I'd like to play some of their music if that's cool.
Cool.
Says you prefer cool.
If you like cool, then let me introduce you to six feet under.
My band.
Me, me, me, me, me.
I don't know.
Me, me, me, me.
What the fuck?
I can't.
I'm Black Twitter and I've, you would think I would be used to disappointment.
in confusion. I do what the fuck. Just listen. Six feet under. So your band immediately
released a song. Yeah, it's like Bad Company. Okay. Yeah, everyone's gonna get that reference.
Oh, I'm sorry. It's like Phil Collins. Does he never had a son named Phil Collins? No,
I don't. I don't think he ever said his name in any of his. Well, I don't think you choose
whatever reference you want. Okay, Tori Amos. I am after all a black Twitter Tori Amos.
What? Just listen to the thing. I'm sorry. They love it. Keep going. Six feet under.
We want to know how this is going. Going long and strong. Six feet under. You're
in a grave, but you won't be buried long. I am six feet under. That's cool. Black Twitter came
around. Everyone expects black Twitter to not be into white people. Shit. I like this band.
I love it. I love six feet under. Good. You want to go see them in concert? Yes. Okay.
Here we go. Three hours later. That'll be seven hundred dollars. God damn it.
They were performing in like Arizona. Yep. That's cool.
Six feet under. They're Irish. I think they're Australian.
Everything's Irish. Jamaican. Alright. That's not going anywhere.
Okay. Well, anyway, so it's kind of a show, but not a show. Six feet under. No, this.
This is kind of, I mean, this feels like a show. I think we did good so far. Yeah, I think we did good.
How's Harmon Quest going? Oh, it's done. We put it out already, and it's in the hands of the people.
You got any numbers on that? Did you retain the office's ratings? No. That was always the metric when I
was your age. Yeah. That makes sense. How much of the office did you retain? I don't think any of it.
Okay. Well, you failed then. Yeah. We're moving you to 8 p.m. Good luck. I mean, that sounds great.
Well, okay. CBS thinks so, too. Fuck off. Oh shit. Ladies and gentlemen, Steve Levy.
Steve Levy looking wonderful tonight. Doing a big hug. Jesus. That's how drunk I am.
That's Levy brought out the booze like an hour into the show instead of 20 minutes.
He was like, maybe this, maybe this will help. I don't know. Just more alcohol.
We get to start booking real guess per se. All right. No, he's back.
Go up. Hey Nick, when it comes to cities, Tarzana, not being from California, Tarzana, you have a rivalry with
what city? Well, I Jane, Jane, Janesville. Yeah, civilization.
Well, I didn't grow up in Tarzana. I grew up in Thousand Oaks. Okay. So I was born in the valley raised in Ventura County.
Thousand Oaks is great. I grew up in Moore Park and when you wanted to have fun, you would go to Thousand Oaks,
or if you wanted to not have very much fun, you go to CV Valley. Yeah, CV Valley is like more kind of funkier.
The thing I know about CV Valley is they had an outlier in terms of per capita incest rates
and an outlier and the shows back on track. Ladies and gentlemen, thank Christ. What did you get here by bus?
Holy shit entertainment finally arrived. Yeah, no, but all the cool people went to Thousand Oaks.
That's where the mall was more. Oh God. Oh God. Yeah. Hey guys, how did you find out about the incest thing
and then what are the what are the numbers? I looked at the census. No, I don't know.
I ran the numbers. It's on there. Like welcome to see me son. It was it. Yeah, it says population, but really population.
Twenty thousand five thousand incest.
What are we going to confront the fact pornographically that literally everyone is getting online and
like good, like it's like stupid fucking there. Step four. And hub is this beautiful thing where they like they can report
these numbers. They go happy St. Patrick's Day. Here's how many people search for leprechaun rape. Yeah.
And it's like, it's like, it's like, what's his name? Kinsey. Like, like that's what we had back in the day was that
Kinsey guy, like, like who basically just represented to everyone is like, Hey, whatever you're thinking, like, no one's normal.
That was that was his contribution to mankind. And that's kind of what porn hub represents. Yeah, it's like they're like,
Hey, everybody, you're all searching for incest porn. All of you. Well, that's all there is. I heard someone say that that the
increase, like the attention towards incest porn signaled a deep lack of connection felt by the user base. Everyone is feeling
super isolated and they don't have any sort of connections to draw upon. So, you know, when you kind of eroticize that,
you know, like the truest form of a bond is someone who's already here. But I find that this is going to sound silly, but I
find that incredibly unscientific. Oh, no, that's philosophical. Very easily say philosophically that no, it's the opposite,
like that people are too connected with their families. Well, I connected. Here's a sample size of one, but I hate everyone
in my family and I love incest porn. So, you know, I guess that's also not scientific. It's just taboo, right? It's like,
well, that's part of it. It's like you got to I think it's like, but my biggest question is, does sex have to be taboo?
That's my huge question. Like, could you have a good money?
Could humankind, if they were given an infinite sandbox, if they were given total permission and there was no such thing as taboo,
would sexuality, my speculation, my gut tells me that sex is not automatically tied to naughtiness.
And it's just it's not even American. It's just like human, like homo sapien, like we kind of we just have this thing like,
oh, it's naughty because we're so into it. And part of what we're into is the naughtiness. It's like putting your thumb over a garden hose
and like makes it spray more.
This is how you jerk off. That's how I do it.
The inhibition is what drives things. But I don't think that that thumb needs to be there. I think there's a version of humanity that just flows out of the hose.
Well, I think taboo taboo is attractive the same way it's attractive to touch a hot stove. It's like, I know I can't do that.
So I want to. But it's like, so that's part of what's important.
But I don't think I think that's a human inclination that then goes and ties in with our shame towards sex and stuff.
But yeah, I think that we would still seek out various forms of taboo if sex weren't taboo, but it wouldn't be.
There's another function of taboo that I think when I explore it myself, I go like, why is that I'm thinking about this fucked up shit?
You know, when I have so much permission to do whatever I want.
I like, why am I continually going to like bad places where I'm not supposed to be going to grab that officer's gun?
That's all I think about.
Hot stoves and I don't know what I got to do with it.
But once I have it, then I'll know.
And I think the answer is because as human beings, as animals, we want to just engage in sex.
We want to have fun with sex, but we work with each other.
We wear neckties. We go like, oh, can I take your order, please?
We have alphabets. We don't just fuck to make up words. We don't just shit in the street.
We go in toilets.
And so we, as human beings, as sentient mammals, we don't even trust ourselves to be fully sexual unless we build a wall around it.
We need it to be private or we don't really actually trust that it's erotic.
Or intimate.
I mean, that's the other component of it is that because it's intimacy, it's got to be hidden.
So there is this automatic built-in naughty, right?
It's because you're eating chocolate.
Well, it's kind of like how many friendships are based off of this moment where you take each other aside and you're like,
are you thinking what I'm thinking?
It's like naughty. There's something. It's like shit talking to a third friend or some situation you're both in.
It's like, it's that it is the fact that you're not supposed to be saying what you're saying that actually makes what you're going through sincere.
Yes.
And there's something really funny about that.
It equates to me with that feral pig thing where the reason feral pigs are a problem is because there are people who are incentivized to hunt feral pigs.
And so they're breeding the pigs.
Like if you really wanted feral pigs to go away, you should make it not legal to hunt them.
Whereas if you really wanted taboo sexuality to go away, you should accept that sexuality is what it is.
Because people then be like, okay, I'm allowed to be sexual.
But it's like, for my money, I find myself with Cody.
My mind will wander.
I'm like, why is my mind wandering when I'm with Cody?
We're already filthy enough.
We get up to enough bad shit.
And I'm like, oh, it's because you want to trick your brain into only focusing on the primal sexuality.
Like you trust it then.
You're like, well, there's no way this has anything to do with anything other than my dick then if this is what's going on.
I nailed it.
It's drywall.
Taboo is drywall.
It's just like it's a taboo's drywall.
We proved it.
I think you kind of hit on it that you have a little secret.
People bond over secrets.
They bond over something that they can withhold from other people.
And that is, in a way, connection.
Also, can we get back to touching the hot stove?
I'll get there.
What do you want to talk about it?
I am so afraid of getting burnt.
I got burnt making popcorn.
Yeah.
And that's the story.
Well, do you have the thing where when you're up high, you picture yourself jumping off?
Yes, I do have that.
I think the human mind has this mechanism, and it's a survival mechanism, where it's kind of like flashcards.
It runs through scenarios and then has visceral reaction to that.
And those cement the connections on our brain.
And so you think of jumping off a cliff, and then you're like, bad.
That's scary.
And you're like, okay.
If I'm in a situation where that actually comes up, or remember that feels terrible, and I won't do it.
The same with grabbing a cop's gun or, you know, like you keep wedging that in there, man.
That's the kind of thing.
Whenever I see a cop, I'm like, man, I could just sucker punch it right in the neck.
What do you do with it?
You're only going to seal your own death.
Like that's the only thing that could come of that, but it's something I think about all the time.
I can't stop.
We know, we know.
But yeah, like so I think there's a lot of shameful thoughts we have, and then we have guilt associated with it,
but it's like you having that thought and then that reaction is you affirming like your ethical nature or something, you know,
and I think that's I think people think those thoughts and they're like, oh, this is so violent or something.
This is I'm so fucked up, but it's like no, you're revolts by that, and that's because like that's your brain reminding you to not be a sociopath.
Because if you're like, oh man, that actually seems like a fine thing to do with no consequences.
That means your brain doesn't work right.
I feel like the worst elements among us are constantly using like naturalism.
We've talked about this before.
They act like if they can conceive of the idea that it would be natural or people have a natural inclination.
It's like, aha, that's proof like women do this and you know it ladies don't fucking deny it.
Ah, we proved it. It's like, yeah, but you people take shits, but you do it in a toilet because if you did it in the street,
we don't get sick.
Yeah, natural natural. It's called like the naturalism fallacy.
It's a classic logical fallacy that people use to try and excuse behavior, but it just doesn't hold up most of the time because
well, like you said, like we built a toilet because shitting is natural.
Like it's like and we are fucking 80 instead of 50 because of it.
Yeah, exactly. So natural isn't good.
Yeah, but their whole premises natural is better than unnatural.
It doesn't make any set like alphabets aren't natural.
No, we fucking made that shit up.
Yeah, it's crazy. It's crazy to think that all the words are made up.
See it's crazy. Yeah.
Yeah, come on. Come on with E. Yeah.
Yeah, come on. Yeah.
I do that than F. I like F.
I mean, okay.
Well, it's pretty cool, but G H.
This is like your egg.
Big H fan over there.
Okay, I loves H.
I like, you know, bonobo monkeys.
Yeah, you know what they love incest.
Yeah.
And if I can gang or G's.
Yeah, they they it's like conflict resolution.
They love winky fencing.
They are genetically our look it up the closest animal to us.
That's also another species.
We are bonobo.
I'm very fascinated by it, but we they don't have religion or like, you know,
Protestantism telling you like, don't this is the limit.
That was the biggest word I know.
Don't, you know, don't you gross.
Oh, you grabbed a booby that's gross.
Don't touch up.
Yeah.
You know what bonobos do and they get in the fucking tussle over a banana.
They suck each other off.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, they have orgies.
There's they that's their breakdown.
One of the bonobos is like, oh, you're sucking me right now.
Yeah, they're like, they're like, like two bonobo tribes are like,
there's only so much fresh water here.
I got an idea.
And then someone's like, all right, it's go time.
And then they just all fucking suck.
And then they wake up and they're like, we can share the water.
Yeah.
What the fuck, man?
Like, let's all agree.
The only reason we wanted water is so we could hydrate so we could do this.
More fucking and goddamn, you're a great sucker.
That's my sister.
There's my cousin.
There's my uncle Glenn.
We're doing it fucking upside down.
Scientists were studying bonobos like there's a there's a huge like lag behind the scientific
study of them because in the fifties, people were just like they kept like noting their
behavior and not writing it down.
Literally, they were just like, well, that's fucked up.
I can't write that down.
That's crazy.
I can't tell my wife what I watched today.
And that is the generation primatologist, not a pornographer.
Yeah.
Right.
And they would just go, well, that's an outlier.
It turns out we are the outliers.
That is what we are.
We want to fuck and suck, baby.
That's it.
That's all we have to do to live is eat and fuck.
But Desmond Morris says, well, then we had to compete with wolves.
So like the other part of us is like, we have this pack mentality, this alpha mentality.
Like we're ashamed of our fucking sucky part.
Like we hate, we hate how communist we are.
We hate that we just want to groom each other and lick each other's tits.
We don't like it because it suggests to us that we're going to die, which is not an unfounded
belief, genetically, because our primate cousins are like dying.
And we are-
But they're dying because they didn't invent drywall.
Well, I mean, they're dying not really because of us.
They're dying because it's hard to have a planet that's so lush that its equator can support
this fucking giant, tailless ape that doesn't climb trees anymore because it's too heavy
and just hangs out and wipes its ass with its hand and fucking howls at the moon.
It's like a flash on the pan.
But the version of those primates that experimented with this weird forebrain, that's us, and
here we are going strong.
We're ashamed of our animal nature.
We hate the part of us that would save our lives right now.
We hate that we just want to chill.
And if we just held ourselves to the standard that we had when we were chimpanzees, we could fucking save the world.
But we have this compulsion.
We're just like, yeah, but what about my iPhone?
What about the fucking smokestacks?
What about the rocket ships?
What about fighting this other person?
You told me, Brandon, at one point, we're still genetically acting like we're competing over resources.
Yeah, scarcity.
At the end of the day, we go through all this technology and we get to these great heights,
but there's always two floors of breast augmentation and one floor for sick kids with cancer because we're monkeys.
And we're just like, Titty, oh, Titty, make Titty room.
Gotta make Titty floor.
Titty floor, like, well, your kid's sick.
I know my kid's sick, Titty, Titty, Titty.
Got a Titty shiny monkey banana, more banana.
And you can tell monkeys this is going to be awful for you.
This piece of technology is going to be awful for you, whether it's breast augmentation or a cell phone screen.
And they're like, yeah, but Titty.
Yeah, but can you imagine a monkey with tits?
That would be fucking hell.
If you could just talk to a chimpanzee.
If chimpanzees could talk, that would be, if you could teach one to talk, not sign language, none of that bullshit.
Oh, okay, not sign language bullshit.
All right, sorry, deaf people that listen to the podcast.
We're going to lift that.
They're going to hear you laugh and it's going to be fucked up.
Yeah, you guys fucked you.
Yeah, that's on you guys. That was a test.
Yeah, whoever's signing you guys to them, it's on you guys.
If a chimpanzee could actually have a sentient conversation with us, that would be, that's what we need.
The atonement with the fire.
We have that. It's called the president.
Yeah.
No, no, that's a fucking wolf. That guy's a fucking jagoff.
A chimpanzee would go, okay, what's all this ruckus? What are you guys doing? What's happening?
And we'd be like, we're trying to save the earth.
We got ass.
From what? Spotted leopards, giraffes, ants?
Like, what is it? A chimpanzee would be like, what the fuck is your problem? Calm down.
And we'd be like, no, no, no, it's these people in Saudi Arabia and they're doing like,
I don't know what you're talking about.
Like, what are you so fucking panicked about?
But they're tribal.
Yeah, they literally war.
Yeah, chimpanzees are gnarly.
But they're just as worried as we are just about, you know.
All right, well, you guys are taking it a little more literally.
All the monkey mad because we told them to be a monkey.
Yeah, I know if we could talk to an actual monkey that they'd be inferior to us culturally.
You know what you should do is rip that guy's head open and ease his brain.
That'll solve the problem.
I just mean, I'm saying like, like us minus the thing that separates us from chimps,
which is like this fucking compulsion to reach for the stars.
We are no, our stars are shit.
If we could just, if we were just to take a one breath and go, what if we just as a litmus test,
what if we just for one second held ourselves to the standard of the chimpanzee.
And fuck frogs.
Yeah.
And like, which would define a frog as a great Saturday afternoon and which would define indoors as a fucking miracle
because we control the weather.
Like a chimpanzee that could make a house would be a chimpanzee that wouldn't make war.
A chimpanzee, they would be like, fuck, why are you fucking kidding me?
But they do, they make, they make like leave houses and leave beds.
And they, they,
I think what you're saying is, I don't know, I keep coming back to more and more in my life
than like humans are driven to strive.
We like being in conflicts.
We like, we have a goal and we go for this goal.
But then you hit that goal and you're like, well, this fucking sucks.
I hate this.
I hate myself.
Nothing has changed.
I still want to die.
We're afflicted as a species.
Yeah.
But I think that, so like if you could like go to therapy and work that out, but it's like,
every human has that.
And I think that's evolutionary because it's like, oh man, I just got to jump over this cliff.
So I get away from the wolf and like a couple of people survived and passed down that trait.
And it's like, I'm really good under serious pressure.
And I only feel like alive under pressure.
And once I accomplish the thing that I evolutionarily am allowed to accomplish, I don't feel better
because evolution wants me to keep going, keep doing those same things and keep propagating
the species.
But that just makes us all miserable.
Like if you put a spider in an aquarium full of flies, like, and it was like, I got to
build a web.
I got to build a web.
And you'd be like, dude, you don't have to build a web.
And the spider would be like, what are you talking about?
How am I going to catch all these flies?
No, the flies are right there.
Like if the spider could just understand and cheat the system and go, oh, the flies are
there, I'll save all of this biological energy that God gave me, like, that my metabolism
is so high because it expects my ass to like crank out silk.
What if the spider was aware enough to go, yeah, but I don't have to do that.
There's a bucket of flies here.
That's the situation that we could be in.
You assume that the web is built to catch the flies, not that he is a compulsion to build
the web without knowing its relation to the flies.
What?
Yeah, that is it.
Wow.
Because that is the human experience.
Yeah, we just got to do it.
Well, that's what, yeah, I agree with you there.
That's the thing.
Skyscrapers, space programs, alphabets, eyeglasses, insulin, podcasts, Oprah, Tom Hanks, toothpicks.
Oh, see the toothpick?
Oh, we didn't start the fire.
I like this.
All of it is like a web we're spinning, like humans.
Crazy.
And we have ourselves convinced that we're like making these decisions.
We're not at all.
Obviously it's compulsive behavior or we wouldn't fucking do the shit that we do.
It's obviously compulsive, obviously.
And we, but we measure intelligence by this thing where we go like, well, if you know
what you're doing and then you choose to do it, that means it's your choice.
That's horse shit.
We're not, we're not choosing shit, Jack.
Nick, it's a little bit like your books coming out, right?
Yeah, yeah.
You're gonna write a chapter.
Yeah, I've lived with the bonobos for a year and we would just suck and fuck each other
all the time.
I don't know.
Yeah, I drank since 10 a.m. and how much do you think you drank?
And we know how long you drank, but how much 75,000 units of alcohol.
That might be right.
How are you still able to do all this?
It's called functional alcoholism and it's like the most dangerous kind.
Did you see Denzel Washington in flight?
Yeah, he saved all those people.
Yeah, those people are so pissed.
He's a goddamn hero.
That's why that movie is so important because Denzel has nobody.
He's the only one holding himself accountable at the end.
He could fly a plane upside down and he could get away with drinking while flying.
And then finally at the end, he alone has to be like, nah, dude, fuck you.
I'm drunk.
I really was bummed by that ending.
I don't know what that says about me.
I'll never watch that movie again, but I will forever say that was such a...
In the world of cinematic portrayals of alcoholism, that is like the fucking end all be all.
That and McNulty and the wire.
Like when he would get drunk, McNulty.
McNulty?
Fuck you guys.
On the wire?
The wire.
Come on.
Jesus Christ.
The wire.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
David Simon?
Oh my God, they just turned on me so hard.
The whole audience is over it.
I'm sorry, there wasn't a dragon in it.
Fucking nerd.
I've never, I didn't watch Game of Thrones either.
I watch Wings.
Yeah.
Laris.
God damn it.
Where are my wing heads at?
Nolan, our director really wants Wings.
Let's see him flap them.
Let's meet one friend who really genuinely feels like they deserve attention.
I'm proud of you guys.
That was an amazing response.
This dude has a sign.
It says, give me 90 seconds to speak.
Oh no.
Well, if they made a sign, let's find out what it's about.
Come on.
Come on, sign guy.
Yeah, he got to come up because he got to come up.
I'm sorry.
It's a style audience.
He made a sign.
Who came from the farthest?
Because there's a lot of people in town for the last couple.
Florida, who's farther than Florida?
We have anybody from Italy, Germany.
Man, Germany, y'all always fuck up when y'all get up here,
but we might fuck with you later.
What's your name, friend?
This guy's like the perfect version of me.
Yeah.
Laris.
This is so fucked up.
He's like airbrushed you.
I like the tired and sick next to him.
It's fucking shirts open.
He took a Photoshop tool and just went for 25.
Yes.
Yeah.
Damn it.
He probably sings.
There's that's another good guess.
Yeah.
What's your name, friend?
My name is Pele.
Pele is named after the soccer player.
Yeah.
Oh, Pele.
Yeah, my dad was a big soccer fan.
To the audience.
I waited for like a moment where he asked.
I didn't just raise it.
No.
You gotta forgive us.
Wait.
This is a sign guy?
This is a sign guy.
I feel pretty good then.
Everybody relax.
I very much respect our audiences like skepticism about people that come up.
Like, yeah, you're right.
That's good.
You're going like, hey, look, I'm not like some crazy person that just really thinks
they're entitled to it.
That's what the audience worries about.
Like, oh, don't.
Don't.
I could have been up there and I didn't go up there.
Well, you just can't go up there because you want to be up there.
You're humble and you've done it.
You nailed it.
Now you can do whatever you want.
Be racist.
I'm mixed race.
That would be a strange choice for me.
So it would be OK.
So racist to say that.
I don't see mixed race.
What did your sign say?
The idea that mixed race people can't be racist.
I find really offensive as a white person.
What did your sign say?
It was kind of over promising because I thought that I could like weave together
some like disparate ideas.
The sign said, give me 90 seconds and I can offer a fulfilling conclusion.
You had 60 seconds right now.
Sorry, 90.
90 seconds.
You had 60 seconds right now.
I got people from Germany wanting to get up here, bro.
You better hurry up.
I'm from Canada.
That makes a difference.
I got lost for years.
You're so handsome.
You're like handsome Nick Rutherford.
Don't let him thwart you.
You got 30 more seconds.
Firstly, I want to thank you for doing what you do, not just for this and for Harmonie.
It's not always easy, but I do it for the people.
I appreciate that.
Also for opening up your platform over the years, I've been listening to you for a while
to people who wouldn't otherwise be heard, regular people like myself and socialists
and minorities and you're using your soft power, your platform to allow people to talk.
You're welcome.
But shouldn't he use his hard power?
Doesn't it feel like...
Did you say soft power?
Is that a phrase?
Yeah, I'm a political theorist.
That's why I wanted to talk.
Oh, really?
What does soft power mean?
So soft power is everything that's not hard power.
Get the fluff off the stage!
I got academia.
I got it.
You just survived for six years.
So hard power is like guns and money, it's military might and the straight up actual
capital P power, whereas soft power is diplomacy and yeah, hegemonic forces, cultural forces.
Like if your country has all the movies.
Right, or if you are a person who runs shows that are in the zeitgeist and you have some
soft power.
What did you want to say?
Or if you happen to be...
I sidetracked him.
You've got to be better than that.
You get up here.
What did you want to say?
Right, sure.
So I am a little flustered, you might imagine, right now.
Unacceptable.
Sitting next to me.
It's got to be hard.
I run a tight ship.
Don't take photos of this guy.
Take photos of Nick.
That would be next to him.
It's like a before and after.
These are like faces of meth right here.
Hey, get in there man.
Get in there.
Okay, we know.
So you've, over the years I've watched as you've gone from being a centrist...
Hey man, give me security.
Sorry.
Give me security.
Anarchist leaning a political person into sort of recognizing your role as you quoted
the world shifted under your fees.
And I just think that you've gone on a lot of rants.
I've seen you existentially worry about the state of politics and power, but you've never
like delves into actually political theory.
So I just wanted to get one idea out to your brain.
That's what I wanted to do.
Oh go for it.
Nazism.
Give it a shot.
Mixed race Nazism.
Hear me out.
Actually is practical.
This is the race that will dominate eventually.
It makes sense.
It's what God wants.
Mixed race Nazism.
It works.
Sorry.
Let's get back in there Pelley.
Let's get back.
Yeah, okay.
I'm back.
All right.
You see Rutherford had you on the ropes.
Murdered you out there.
It's a penalty time Pelley.
Come on.
Essentially it seems like, and maybe I'm wrong, but it seems like you are recognizing the
issues of late stage capitalism.
You know they booed Drake off stage last night.
I'm going to let you know what LA will do to you unless you get into that second song
we all want to hear.
Now let's go.
Okay.
And it seems like-
But I do have a flush drum.
That's not fair.
I feel bad for it.
No.
Like say whatever you want.
This is a really long 90 seconds.
I'm sorry.
Do it.
And it seems like that to some degree you circle around the idea of anarchism as the alternative.
And what that is doing is taking a corrupt and outdated mode of power or power structure
and then replacing it with a lack of power instead of fixing the power structure or evolving
it.
Yeah.
I agree with you totally.
No.
I'm saying that that doesn't work because of the nature-
Oh, wait.
I disagree with you.
No.
Wait.
Yeah.
Okay.
Sorry.
Continue.
Yeah.
So what I'm trying to say is that anarchy is impossible because of the maximum of power.
The essential nature of what power is is that it looks to concretize itself, to cement
itself, to understand itself, and it doesn't go away like that.
So you need to fix the power structure, not dissolve the power structure.
It sounds nice in theory because it's like, oh, hey, everybody is on equal footing and
everybody has equal power, but it's just what you're doing by the dissolution of political
power is not empowering people.
You empower people by having a political power that is powerful enough to give power to the
people.
Yeah.
That is anarchist.
We don't tend to roll non-hierarchically.
We tend to, no matter what, you give us an infinite sandbox, you give us a bunch of mushrooms.
Hierarchies tend to happen because we're primates.
We tend to fucking start leveraging each other and exchanging things, and people tend to
rise up and you go, hey, is it me or is that guy more awesome than that guy?
You kind of start to compare things.
Why would you say that?
Why was that the example you gave?
I mean, I think I thought, yeah, I used to, I was way left of Noam Chomsky when we started
this podcast because I was like, I had that privilege.
I never cared.
I thought all politics was horseshit because it was dangling chads and are you going to
convince me Al Gore is any different from fucking George Bush and all my fucking bullshit?
And then we went through, we sure showed me.
We really showed me a thing or two.
Politics is not bullshit.
It actually is a thing.
Because both parties, admirably or not, they both got hacked at the same time.
The Democrats got hacked by, quote unquote, socialists just to oversimplify and the Republicans
got hacked to oversimplify Nazis because they were both smart enough to go, we're not going
to suffer the third party fate.
What happened?
It was just this creed.
The politics became real politics and then once it did, I was like, oh shit, I guess
I can't be an anarchist anymore.
I really can't because you actually have a bipartisan system that actually means something
now because right actually means Nazi and left actually means socialist and I don't
want either of them because I want my Obama back.
The other things that I was saying was total straight theory.
This is just opinion to some degree.
I mean, it's based on, you can look at the empirical studies and you can look at the
theory of it and essentially you can call it reform liberalism or democratic socialism
or social democracy.
They're all just different steps of the same thing, which is a synthesis of market society
and a powerful enough Leviathan to provide for people, but that's the thing that is required.
You're so handsome.
Thank you so much.
Focus on anything you're saying, I just want you to read my paper.
Take my life.
Here he goes.
Hey Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, leave the scooter.
Yeah, honestly, I'm too drunk to have followed what you just said and that's on me, not you.
I mean, I don't know, man.
We've been doing this podcast for eight years.
I've tried to be upfront about my politics, which is like, man, I was sucking my thumb
and going like, voting is bullshit and democracies now.
You have been.
You're amazing.
I so appreciate how a friend you've been about it.
And then I told people when I changed my mind, I told people I was really wrong and I got
real invested to the extent that I'm like, no, man, it's not even politics to me when
it's like fascism versus anything other than that.
And most recently, because it's primary season and stuff, I'm like, I'm not even going to
talk about it because I don't want to be like, I'm an Elizabeth Warren guy and have everybody
because I totally respect everybody.
Like I don't want them fighting.
Like it is a fucking heartbreak that the good guys and yeah, they're the good guys that
they're all fighting.
They have to fight now and so I can't even, it's like, I just watched the whole thing
play out.
And I'm like, God damn it.
I wish there was some way that we could be as unified as the shit faces.
You can't as far as I can tell.
I mean, as somebody who's involved in politics, progressive politics, that's where the thinkers
are and that means that you get really neurotic people who are all worried about very specific
and small issues or wording.
When you think about like, like, like, like I talked on this podcast about because I heard
some radio lab episode or whatever about the Irish system, like the way they do, right?
Yeah.
It's like everyone gets five votes and then they do some system where it's like, oh, yeah,
yeah, yeah.
First pass, the post is terrible and antiquated.
It doesn't.
Yeah.
It's true.
Look it up.
When you actually think about that, is that what that is, the five votes is the first
pass.
No, no, that's our system here and in Canada, which is where I'm from is first pass the
post and he's Canadian.
Oh, my God.
You're you're tri racial.
That's the other half of the by.
I bet it.
Thank you so much.
You were wonderful.
Thanks, man.
Thank you.
You know, good buddy.
Thanks to pay.
We have a real guest.
A real guest.
That was a real guest.
Thank you.
That's the guest you want and we have.
Let's bring somebody else up.
Do you think pay?
Is his real name?
Yeah.
No.
He's like, I don't want to be like.
I mean, that seems like if I was going to pick a fake name and be handsome, I'd be
like pay.
I want to know is paylay and you could just shout this out.
Are you caught up on the podcast?
Yeah.
Okay.
No, no, I'm like get out of your security.
Why did you ask that?
I had a hunch who came from the furthest farthest away.
Where?
Whoa, Pakistan.
Let's let's go Pakistan.
That can we have Germany to Germany do we have Germany come up Germany?
We'll do two birds with one stone.
What's your name?
Myra.
Thank you.
Myra from Pakistan.
What's your name?
Vincent.
Where are you from?
Germany.
Vincent.
Hi.
You can't say your name.
My mic doesn't work.
No.
We can share one.
Are you visiting from Pakistan or are you?
I moved here like three months ago.
I'm doing grad school at USC.
So is it like a, is that a student visa?
Yeah.
It's like an F1.
Okay.
So it's not like citizenship, but it's like they give you enough time to study and.
Yeah.
So I, my program is for two years and then like if I get a job, I can stay for like a
year, but that's it.
Unless of course you were to get a husband, you know.
Pele, stand up baby.
Brandon.
God damn it.
That's not what the show is for.
Stupid ass job.
What's your, what are you studying?
Architecture.
Oh, wow.
Oh shit.
That's so cool.
What do you like about architecture?
Not what I'm studying right now.
Oh no.
What are you studying right now?
I'm doing like all the technical stuff, like building science and it's like earthquake
proofing and shit.
Like it's not that fun.
Right.
It's not the fun stuff.
It sounds kind of, are you, but you're not going to quit, right?
No.
You're not like, fuck architecture.
Fuck architecture.
You're just like, I'll get through this.
I'll be right later.
Yeah.
Do you respect Frank Lloyd Wright or is that like, Freud?
No, no, of course.
Everybody respects him.
Okay.
I don't, I don't know.
Like I took, I took psych and everyone was like, first of all, fuck Freud.
And I'm like, really?
Didn't he like invent talking about your brain?
Like, yeah, but he said, you want to fuck your mom and eat shit?
I'm like, well, yeah, but that's a start.
Turns out he was right.
I mean, he was like, it's like, yeah, he's wrong about a bunch of shit, but it's like,
how much disrespect for, anyways, I just, I wouldn't have shocked me if you had said
to like, as a millennial, you're not even millennial, are you?
Or Generation Z?
Do you like, you know, I don't, I don't really know the like distinction.
I mean, I'm 27.
What?
Yeah, whatever that is.
I don't know.
You're, you're, you're in control.
That's what you are.
But, um, I just, I want to say something to you.
Uh-oh.
No, it's nothing.
Okay.
Um, so I was at the community reunion yesterday.
It was so fucking emotional.
I like, I cried when you guys got on stage.
Like, did you?
Yes.
But I fucking like, I, when I went up, I thought, I was like, this is a problem.
I had to shut it down.
I was going to weep that something about going up there.
And everybody like in a line, like you guys got up on stage and I was just like, fuck.
I was like, I had to make a decision in my head.
I was like, you were either going to weep in front of a bunch of people about your own
sitcom, which is, as your generation calls it, a bad look, uh, or you're going to fucking
robot and like, I made the right decision.
You did really well.
Yeah.
Thank you.
No, you did well.
Anyway, so what, yeah, uh, it was emotional.
It was emotional.
And, um, so since I've been here, so, okay, so I got here on the 9th of August and on
the 12th of August, there was my first Harmontown show and I've been coming every week
and it's been like the best transitional thing for me because I mean, I don't know.
Like this is the first time I've ever been here and I, I'm really bad at making friends,
but like Harmontown is the only like escape I have every week.
And it's just, it's amazing because I've been listening to the podcasts, like I remember
being at home back in Pakistan and just like listening to the podcast and like laughing
to myself.
And just the fact that I can be here live is just, it's insane and it's kind of a mind
blower to me.
Like I have no image in my head of Pakistan.
Like we, we, obviously that's where, that's where Kumail is from and like, I don't talk
about bad at making friends.
Like I never asked him, what's it like there?
Uh, I have no image in my head, you know, like I don't know, like where, how, how, what
was it?
What was it?
You, you're, you're just a little baby.
If you started listening to the show back when we were doing it.
I started listening in 2013.
I was just starting my undergrad.
So yeah, I wasn't a baby.
I was pretty old.
What is it?
Yeah.
You're living with your parents in Pakistan.
It's like a house, an apartment.
It's a, so, um, we have a really large farmhouse.
Um, so it's just, it's pretty cool, but it's very like rural.
Like there's lots of donkeys.
Did you have like dogs?
Yeah.
I have one dog.
And was it long or short hair?
What?
Brandon.
What the heck?
No, I just wonder, was it long or short hair?
He's doing his cold reading technique.
He's a, he's about to tell you the ghost of your father watched you to, he buried your
money in Arkansas.
My dog is a German shepherd.
Oh, so you had to, you had to cut his hair?
No.
Oh.
What is going on?
What is happening?
What is, what is that?
Do you just try to figure out, I'm just trying to figure out if she had a dog and they had
to cut the hair.
That's all.
Why?
What?
You say that, like that's an innocent thing to want.
You know, I can't tell you the secrets of Comptrolling, but I get people to talk.
Do you want to know about Victor's dog's hair length?
Sure.
Did you have a dog when you were a kid, Victor?
Vincent.
I'm just listening.
Okay.
I would have.
Did you have a dog?
Yeah.
How long was his hair?
Who was involved in its upkeep?
Did you cut it?
I had.
Did you dog of a barber?
I had a cat.
A cat?
Hell yeah.
How long were his ears?
So many cats.
Did you cut your cat's hair?
Yeah.
Was it a short hair?
Or a long hair?
Hairless.
Medium.
So did you?
Okay.
Did you brush it?
That response, by the way, people are going to listen to this podcast 10 years from now.
They're going to think cats were going extinct.
Oh my God.
It's like Bojack Horseman.
Cats.
All right.
Anyways.
That is like Bojack Horseman.
I know who we are now.
I know whatever.
I know what's going on now.
All right.
I don't know what's going on anymore.
What brings you here from Germany, Vincent?
This show.
Oh, this is the only thing.
How long are you here for?
Oh wow.
Two days.
Okay.
So you're about to go back.
Yeah.
Tomorrow morning.
Did you really just come in a pilgrimage here for this show?
Yeah.
I mean, I made some stops.
I was in Berlin previously.
And no, I mean, Berlin's in Germany, obviously.
It's not where I live.
Have you been listening to this show for how long?
Have you caught up?
Yeah.
I think I started at about episode 100, 100.
And then I made my way down and up.
And now I'm here.
Hell yeah.
What's the...
Here's the thing about ending this show.
All right.
What?
Oh, you didn't know.
He's not on the emails.
I went to the vet once.
I had a cat.
It was like...
All alone?
Yeah.
Well, now you guys are over cats.
I remember the vet, like...
Now they don't even care about cats.
Saying to me, the vet was like, as if...
I think the vet was like...
He must have had this conversation with so many people, because I really didn't cue him
to do this speech.
But he...
It seemed like he's just like so...
He so wanted people to understand this, that I almost thought he was like a cat murderer.
But he was like, you know, if your cat's sick, it's not human.
So it's not going to let you know.
It's not going to be like, oh, I'm sick.
You know?
And then you take the cat home.
And it's curled up in its favorite sun ray.
What?
And it's like...
It's like wagging its tail.
No, this guy didn't know anything about cats.
No, but he was like, your cat acts like your cat, and then it's like, you don't want to put it down.
But he was like...
This was a guy who was pro-putting my cat down.
He was letting me know.
It's like, yeah, here's the thing.
Once you decide to put your cat down, your cat's going to start acting like a normal cat.
You still got to put it down.
Why did I bring that story of...
You were talking about the show ending.
I know.
That's horrible, but that's going to make it even happy.
Yeah, the show feels healthy.
But you got to put it down.
Cody's dog, Barbara, is riddled with cancer, and it has been for a while.
And it's like, we're saying goodbye to Barbara, and she's going to die.
And it's like...
She's wagging her tail, and she's running all over the place.
And it's like, fuck, man.
It's like knowing that she's going to die is making her seem even healthier
than if we didn't know that.
What is my fucking point?
Yeah, that's such a weird thing, though.
That's the podcast.
Because there's always...
Like you were saying, the doctors are always like, oh, man, it's okay.
It's torture to leave them alive.
And it's like, well, it would be great to actually ask the pet, like,
oh, would you like to be ceased right now,
or do you want to keep feeling pain for another terrible couple of weeks?
Because it's all just trying to assuage the guilt.
But it's like, no, you are ending their life, and that's crazy if you think about it.
But we had talked about this, and you had said something that really stuck with me,
which is that we, as eugenicists who have been mastering the dog race forever,
there's not a dog alive that we haven't tampered with genetically.
I'm a big scholar of eugenicists.
The dogs that we have created, there's no biological profit in them registering pain
or expressing it.
Like, dogs that said, ow, gone.
Like, they're not in the gene pool.
Dogs that, when their leg is broken, are like, can I have a cookie?
Those are all of the progenitors of our species.
Anyways, what's a leg in Pakistan?
I don't know.
Does it bug you when guys like, I go Pakistan?
I don't want to take the leap and start going Pakistan.
No, no, no, it sounds weirder when you say Pakistan.
Okay, thank you.
God damn it.
Can I, can you give me a card that says, like, because I just feel like a bag of dicks.
I'm like, yeah, I know it's Pakistan at this point, but I'm like, Pakistan.
No, it's not your fault.
All right, thank you.
Oh, it's like when you talk to someone from Nicaragua.
Nicaragua.
So many hard Rs in there.
Yeah.
Nicaragua.
So, let's squash this beef between Germany and Pakistan.
Play some soccer, you guys.
What do you do in Germany?
Are you starting as well?
Yeah, I studied journalism.
Oh, yeah.
That's why I was going to bring up when she was talking about architecture.
I majored in journalism and I, like, very quickly, like my first year of journalism,
I was like, oh, journalism sucks.
Yeah, it does.
I didn't have a fallback, so I dropped out of college.
You're not going to, though.
You're going to be a great German journalist.
I'm going to finish it.
But I mean, yeah, it sucks right now.
Everybody just keeps telling me, yeah, you're not going to get any money.
You're not going to get a job.
No, you could be like, you could work for Buzzfeed.
Yeah, right.
We have that in Germany.
Is your media like ours?
Do you guys have a sensationalized?
It's not as extreme.
I mean, it is obviously emotionalized, but it's not.
You guys, everyone makes fun of Fox News, but even if I look at MSNBC,
I think, oh, CNN, it's like, it's still extreme.
That's what's so crazy.
People are like, Fox News is bad.
And then the Fox News Watchers are like, no, you don't understand CNN.
It's the fake news.
It's like, no, it's all a fucking nightmare hellscape.
Anywhere else in the world, it's like, oh, there's news, actually.
There's real news.
It's bad.
Is there real news?
Yeah, BBC's better.
Yeah, but it's so boring.
That's the secret.
It's sort of like a super villain.
They're so busy pronouncing Nicaragua, right?
I mean, where's the fucking hits?
What's going on over there, Nazi-wise?
Come on, be real.
Yeah, I mean, it's coming back, right?
You have like cities, Dresden is fucking overrun.
It's fucked up, man.
They declared a national emergency or a city emergency.
They're like, we got skinheads, folks.
Yeah, I think that was another city, but we just had an election and they were second-largest for us.
I mean, we're toast then, right?
If we can't count on you guys to be Nazi-phobic, we're fucked, right?
I mean, it's all of Europe and America.
It's the whole west side.
Why do you think as a journalist, why do you think as a planet, I have my theory,
why do you think as a planet, it's just like almost unrelatedly,
it just seems like all of these nations are just sliding right.
Do you have a theory about that?
I probably have one.
You would be a journalist if you were like, it's because of Christmas.
But I can't think of one right now.
I think it's because of the fucking internet.
I mean, that's it.
I think the internet is simulating what...
That's certainly part of it.
I think people who are just in a little bubble or maybe just one guy in a village,
now he is connected to another guy in another village.
Historically, people when they...
Nations, when they go multicultural, when their economy is destabilized,
there's certain cues that people start sliding right
because they have an authoritarianistic instinct when they start to get threatened.
They start to have that xenophobic fear.
You weren't finished?
No, no, I have comma, semicolon, whatever, and the rest of my thought would be,
the internet has made everyone feel like that's happening, but it's not happening.
Because people are like, oh my God, I didn't know how many Muslims there are.
It's like there aren't any Muslims where you are.
You just got on Facebook for the first time.
Calm down.
Yeah, yeah, it's like every time the parts of the countries where these parties are active,
those numbers are the most extreme, there's none of the problems that they're running on.
Yeah, all the cities where people are stacked up on top of each other,
you can't stay racist of living in New York.
It's not really that possible.
I mean, okay, it is.
Some people rise to that challenge, but I just think you can't really,
you can't hold onto these fucking crazy theories and be stacked on top of each other
in these giant cities where people are functioning and generating all of the shit
that keeps the lights on for the rest of the country.
And it's like this age-old irony that then you go out to the sticks, sorry, no offense,
what the fuck ever, but it's like where there's three people per square mile
and those people are absolutely the most convinced that the world is ending
and that race mixing is going to make everything.
Dude, your grandpa's birthday is the last time you saw anyone.
Well, you're fine.
I think in New York and stuff, it's the same kind of thing,
but it's just like the internet kind of lets you hold onto these crazy theories
without being challenged in the same way that your face isn't rubbed into it.
And that's what we didn't anticipate is that we don't want to evolve
and we should all cop to that, I will.
We don't want to be wrong.
I got a world of knowledge at my fingertips,
but as I've said in this practice before, I'll sit in a bar and go like,
Hudson Hawk, that was 1993.
Oh, but you $50, no one gets their phone out
because no one wants to actually know anything.
We do not actually want to use the internet to become like cyber Christ.
We don't want to learn and evolve.
We could easily just know everything.
I did say stuff.
That's a reference to this podcast.
There is an episode called Cyber Christ and Stubnortz,
and I want to say Matt Gorely was involved.
All right, kids, what are you plugging?
You got a book coming out about architecture.
I want to make it worth your while.
I'm babbling and like, oh, God, we're almost there.
It's already worth my while.
I'm good.
I'm so flattered.
Thank you for expressing that.
You too.
That's why I brought up the dying dog thing.
It wasn't to discourage everyone.
The show can't tell us it's hurting.
It was like...
It's like, yeah, okay, the show, of course,
God damn, could the show just be ending forever?
We'll launch another podcast called the Harmontowns Ending,
and then we'll just do that forever,
and then everyone will be on their best behavior.
I don't know.
I just want to say my accent sounds really German,
not that I hear it.
It's cool, though.
You didn't know that?
No, I didn't.
You never heard you.
I'm so glad you said that,
because I was thinking that the whole time.
Does he know?
You're like, oh, my God, I sound like Dieter.
Will you please say there are no more fucking Krugerons,
Mr. Johnson?
Kruger what?
Krugerons.
It's a golden coin.
There's no more fucking Krugerons, Mr. Johnson?
What are you talking about?
It'll work.
Brandon is rock hard right now.
You guys can't see, he's rock hard, he's throbbing,
fully torqued.
As long as you're doing requests.
Can you give me an evil laugh
and then say diplomatic immunity?
Okay, I can...
There's the evil laugh.
Diplomatic immunity.
You son of a bitch,
you think you can hide behind that shield,
but I'm Mel Gibson, I'm going to get you.
Those bad guys were South African.
How do you feel about South Africa as a German?
Are you proud of it?
No, it's good, yeah.
It's Dutch.
Those are the Dutch.
No, the Germans were the best ones.
Were they there first?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Look at you bragging on oppression and shit.
No, no, we got there first.
It's good, Brandon, it's good.
Does Pakistan have any imperial territories?
Is Pakistan like, oh yeah,
we ran Portugal for a while.
No, we were run by the British imperial colonialism, sorry.
So did Pakistan have to fight for its independence?
It was part of India,
and then when the British left,
they were like, fuck you guys, what do you want?
And then Pakistan was like, oh, we want to be separate,
and then it was just fine, whatever.
That's kind of what happened here, except there were muskets.
Except for the nuke issue.
You guys kind of will nuke each other, right?
India and Pakistan?
That's crazy.
Oh yeah, Pakistan, well yeah, forever.
Yeah, you guys are a nuclear power.
I see you guys like, you, you, you.
But Pakistan's been a nuclear power forever, right?
Yep, yep.
Yeah, they got that hard power.
Yeah, Paley.
Nice.
Yes.
Yeah.
But it's never been a crisis.
When did Pakistan become a nuclear power?
When was it, 70s, 80s?
I think 70s.
And like, why wasn't that a crisis?
Because we were on good terms with them.
So was that America, did America go like, yeah,
you guys should have nuclear bombs?
Like, that's not like us at all.
Typically when you colonize a place,
you invite people to come back.
They learn the same things that they're taught.
So you have a bunch of new engineers.
Then why doesn't Alaska have the nukes, man?
God damn it.
Check Anthony.
It just doesn't, it seems like such a weird outlier.
Because I remember like during the Iraq war,
the first one, it was like,
Pakistan was like this like wild card.
It was like, oh, are they going to get involved?
Like they're like U.S. allies and like,
we don't, yeah, I don't know, whatever, man.
So fucking drunk.
I've been drinking for like, since Thursday.
Thank you two so much for stepping up on stage.
Thank you guys.
Thank you for having me.
So flattering that you came here in a pilgrimage.
Awesome.
All the way from Germany.
It was my, sorry, Maria, Myra.
Sorry.
Sorry, sorry.
And Vincent.
Myra and Vincent.
God bless you.
So wonderful.
Unless you don't believe in God,
in which case, chaos, magic, bless you.
It's all the same thing.
Do you, tomorrow, will you feel any of that today?
No, I mean, the reason I am so drunk right now
is because of how drunk we got at the premiere.
Yeah.
So I woke up this morning.
Are you crying?
Yeah.
Does it look like I'm crying?
It looks like you're in Pakistan.
I miss, I miss them.
You want their nuclear weapons to work, don't you?
You're such a softy.
Soft power.
I just, I don't like, not, I liked not being threatened by the guests up here.
You like both of them.
They're good kids.
I like them.
I thought they were very sweet.
And I went to USC.
So like, you know, fight on.
It's sweet to think that there's a generation of kids who listen to me ramble on and on.
It's just been ruined.
I love it.
I, but I also don't you think it's kind of a cheat?
She goes to school 20 minutes from here.
Wow.
I don't want to say anything because, you know, but that's, yeah, that's true.
That's bullshit.
You could walk here.
You're saying, you're saying she Germany, Germany will come here from Pakistan.
No, she kind of played the nationality card.
My friend is here from Australia right now.
Fuck your friend.
Yeah.
But we don't care.
Let's do a wrap.
All right.
Australia.
I was going to answer your question.
The answer to your question is no, I was the, it was the hair of the dog thing.
I was a bag of dicks this morning and I was like, there's only one way through this.
Excellent.
I got to get drunk.
So there you go.
So for the kids.
So will I, will I feel like tomorrow?
No, I won't.
I don't know.
If you do, do you have a cure?
Do you have like a hangover remedy?
No, this guy says sometimes I would use to put a packet of salt in a glass of water
and give it to him or give him a gatorator or whatever is bacon, bacon sandwiches.
Oh yeah.
Anything fatty, salty.
Yeah.
You want all that stuff?
All right.
Sourdough breakfast jack.
Start this.
This show has been brought to you by too drunk to rap.
Give me a beat blue apron kettle or kettlebell kettlebell.
Kettlebell kitchen.
Yo.
Yeah.
I remember the time.
Kettlebell.
The kettlebell kitchen showed up in my house.
Yeah.
Put it in a bag, deliver it without lag.
Bring me some drumsticks and flour.
Give me that home cooking power.
I don't want to go to the grocery store, but I also don't want to go outdoors to a restaurant.
I want you to deliver me ingredients.
That's what I want.
Split the difference between autonomy and dependency.
Bring me a box of pieces of food.
I'll put them together when I'm in the mood.
I'll impress my date.
Hey, what do you want?
Broccolini?
Okay.
Don't hate.
Here we go.
I put it in a bag.
Shake it up and put it on the plate.
You fucking hag.
Little bit of energy.
Little energy.
Yeah.
Why am I making me to my date too?
Bring it up.
Okay.
Yeah.
Go.
My name is Kettlebell.
I like to be here and say I like to deliver food all a little long day.
I like to salt and season and put it in a cup.
I like to put your mama put you daddy up in a hotel.
And a chair as the French would call it on the stairs.
Take it.
Rub it for.
This is...
Uber's back?
Kettlebell is a thing that tries to sell everything.
You can always sing through it.
Nobody knows what the product is.
Deliver to your house two times a week.
They got things for your tire.
They'll deliver it.
Keto or vegetarian.
Protein style paleo.
You'll be swearing.
They have good stuff for you.
Get to this food.
I know I do.
I have the salmon cakes.
They had colored greens.
Oh boy.
It was fine.
That's fine.
That's Harvey Town ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you so much.
We love you downtown dynasty.
We love you all in Fabrica.
Zac McKeever.
Myra, Vincent, was a Myra, Mila.
I got it.
Either way we got it.
Thank you so much Nick Rubberford.
God damn it makes some noise.
We love him.
The most real guest we've ever had.
Nick Rutherford.
Real guest style.
Thank you kids.
We'll see you next week.
Cheer yourself up.
Give it to me!
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show!